docs(static-docs): add my history ui and related docs (#685)
empathyco/x: packages/x-components/static-docs/experience-search-and-discovery/README.md

:::

#### Discover Interface X Components for web

Check out these X&nbsp;Components for Vue.js applications. They’ll certainly come in handy if you
want to make the difference!

<CardCarousel :cards="[
    'x_popular_searches',
    'x_history_queries',

>     'x_my_history',

Reviewer: Hi Luis! @mlcorton asked me this question.

This wouldn't work as a code example, but a custom component used in eDocs, that Vuepress will interpret directly as it is registered in the project.. It will look like this:

![Captura de pantalla 2022-08-29 a las 13 29 37](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45435602/187192069-f2b353dc-54e9-4ba5-b778-4d6e246abf99.png)

Most of these are listed in [eDocs README](https://github.com/empathyco/docs-empathy#card-carousel).

>     'x_my_history',

Author: Yeah! I supposed that @PedroOndh would explain it better than me ;) Thanks!

>     'x_my_history',

Reviewer 2: Oh okey, perfect then!

    'x_empathize',
    'x_results',]"
/>

::: warning

Some X&nbsp;Components are supported by Empathy Platform search and discovery features. If you’re
using a different search engine, make sure it supports all the functionalities you need.

:::

## Try X Components to…

- Surprise your shoppers by **rendering shopping-aimed search and discovery features** that

>   intuitively guide and inspire them with trends, suggestions, and recommendations, based on your
>   shoppers’ behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  intuitively guide and inspire them with trends, suggestions, and recommendations, based on their behavior.
```

Author: Both options are correct. But using continuously possessive pronouns/adjectives can make your idea imprecise. Specifying the actor prevents readers from doubting.

> - Add a **predictive layer** to your search UI that gathers all search functionalities in one, from
>   autocomplete and autosuggest to ideas of what to look for next.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add a **predictive layer** to your search UI, gathering all search functionalities in one: from
  autocomplete and autosuggest to ideas of what to look for next.
```

Author: It's a common -ING mistake to use a gerund form to express a sequential action, rather than a simultaneous action. Here you can't gather all search functionalities at the same time you are adding the predictive layer. You got all the search functionalities in one as a consequence of implementing the predictive layer. So, it's better to avoid using -ING form here :)

> - Delight your shoppers with an **elegant and multi-configurable SERP** to help them discover what
>   they’re exactly looking for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Delight your shoppers with an **elegant and multi-configurable SERP**, helping them to discover what
  they’re exactly looking for.
```

Author: - ING form: we want to express the goal or objective, so it's better to use a to + inf clause here.
- "help + inf verb" & "help + to + inf verb" --> both options are correct :)

> - Enhance the shopping experience by adding **additional features to the SERP** such as add-to-cart

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enhance the shopping experience by adding **additional features to the SERP**, such as add-to-cart
```

  buttons or product rating information.

::: interact

> Explore the Empathy Platform [interactive map](/explore-empathy-platform/diagram/interface/) for a
> sneak peak of the X&nbsp;Components available!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Explore the Empathy Platform [interactive map](/explore-empathy-platform/diagram/interface/) for a
sneak peak of the available X&nbsp;Components!
```

Author: Both options are correct! :)
